README.md, before:

whack-a-mole
============

Whack-a-Mole game written in C++ (with SDL2/SDL_image).

Project Title: 			Whack-A-Mole (wam) v1.0

Project Developer: 		Isaac Hernandez

Project Date:			February 2014

Project Compatibility:		Only Windows.

Project Description:	Whack-A-Mole is my first attempt at using C++, SDL2, and SDL_image to create a game. My previous games were all created using GameMaker but I never felt like I had enough control over the functionality, sometimes I even felt like using GameMaker was cheating. So I decided to go ahead and use C++ and some of its libraries to make this, my first "real" prototype.

Project Gameplay:	Whack-A-Mole is a game in which the user must try to "whack", or click, as many moles as possible before 9 of them manage to escape. As it is a prototype, there is not much user interface and the game exits after the 9th mole escapes.

Project Future:		Things I would like to add to this prototype are a user interface (including not closing after a loss), an increasing difficulty, a high score, and better graphics. Maybe someday...

The files included are:

	wam.cpp:
		This is the main file which calls everything else.
	cSDL_Setup.cpp & cSDL_Setup.h:
		These files are for setting up SDL2. Aside from the specific window information in cSDL_Setup.cpp,
		these files can be re-used to set up SDL for another project.
	main.cpp & main.h:
		main.h sets up all the variables and main.cpp defines all of the game's functionality. cMain(), the 
		constructor loads up all of the information and gameLoop() process clicks and time to manipulate the
		scoreboard and the moles.
	tons of bmp files:
		Unfortunately, I had trouble loading png files, so I had to load only bmp files. If I can ever get png
		files to load, I might revisit this project so as to reduce the size.

Commit message:

Whack-a-Mole v1.1
Added PNG's (to replace some of the BMP's) and switched to windows
application.

README.md, after:

whack-a-mole
============

Whack-a-Mole game written in C++ (with SDL2/SDL_image).

Project Title: 			Whack-A-Mole (wam) v1.1

Project Developer: 		Isaac Hernandez

Project Date:			February 2014

Project Compatibility:		Only Windows.

Project Description:	Whack-A-Mole is my first attempt at using C++, SDL2, and SDL_image to create a game. My previous games were all created using GameMaker but I never felt like I had enough control over the functionality, sometimes I even felt like using GameMaker was cheating. So I decided to go ahead and use C++ and some of its libraries to make this, my first "real" prototype.

Project Gameplay:	Whack-A-Mole is a game in which the user must try to "whack", or click, as many moles as possible before 9 of them manage to escape. As it is a prototype, there is not much user interface and the game exits after the 9th mole escapes.

Project Future:		Things I would like to add to this prototype are a user interface (including not closing after a loss), an increasing difficulty, a high score, and better graphics. Maybe someday...

The files included are:

	wam.cpp:
		This is the main file which calls everything else.
	cSDL_Setup.cpp & cSDL_Setup.h:
		These files are for setting up SDL2. Aside from the specific window information in cSDL_Setup.cpp,
		these files can be re-used to set up SDL for another project.
	main.cpp & main.h:
		main.h sets up all the variables and main.cpp defines all of the game's functionality. cMain(), the 
		constructor loads up all of the information and gameLoop() process clicks and time to manipulate the
		scoreboard and the moles.
	tons of bmp/png files:
		PNG issue was solved for v1.1, but size will not be affected in the slightest. Good to know how to get PNG's to work for the 
		future, but I'll keep the bmp files that are already in use.

Updates:
	v1.1 	- Got PNG's to work by adding appropriate .dll's to the directory. All images used for the moles are now PNG's with transparency.
		- Added -mwindows to Makefile. No more command line prompt coming up after clicking the executable.
